---
layout: page
permalink: /accommodation/
title: "Accommodation"
---

To help with hotel accommodations, we have reserved a block of rooms at the
**Shadyside Inn All Suites Hotel**. The Shadyside Inn is not a regular hotel,
but a collection of furnished apartments in a cluster of buildings.  It is
located about 15-20 mins walk from the campus; you can also travel back and
forth using the Inn's shuttle service, or by bus. (Address: [5405 Fifth Ave,
Pittsburgh, PA, United States, 15232](https://maps.google.com/?q=5405+Fifth+Ave,+Pittsburgh,+PA,+United+States,+15232)).

The reserved accommodations are mostly in [two bedroom
suites](http://www.shadysideinn.com/hotel-suites/two-bedroom-suite/), at a rate
of $???/night + hotel taxes (i.e. $??? + tax per person/per night). These are
spacious suites including a living room, kitchen and dining area, two bedrooms
and a bathroom. We assume that most of you who choose these suites will want to
share. If you already have a suite-mate to share with, great; see below for
instructions on how to make a shared reservation. If you would like to find
another participant to share with, please send us an
[email](hott2019conference@gmail.com) and we'll try to put you in contact with
another participant. In this case, one of you will have to make the reservation
and provide credit card information, but the payment can be made separately
after arriving or at checkout.
 
In addition, a limited number of studio suites are available for $?/night + hotel taxes. First come, first served.

Click [here](http://www.shadysideinn.com/pro/cmu-philosophy-hott-summer-school/) 
to reserve a room for the summer school (TODO: put in dates from contract).

Click [here](http://www.shadysideinn.com/pro/cmu-international-conference-hott/)
to reserve a room for the conference (TODO: put in dates from contract).

